[STUDENT A]
Get ready!
Huh? You got boosted
to B-rank? No way.
It's all my partner.
To be honest,
he's like a total try hard.
Bet more than
his trying is hard.
Sick nasty. Ixnay on
bumping and grinding,
we both have real life partners.
If we get to A-rank,
we'll switch anyway.
Scary! This switching
and ditching?
If Ryou went to our school
I would literally die,
come back to life,
and die again!
Like, imagine if my bunny
got to A-rank and lived with
a whole variety pack of chicks!
I would explode for reals!
Nat-simp-mi cleanup
in aisle gym.
Homie, you're into Ryou
like too much.
Even if he went here,
A-rank is impossible to get.
I seriously doubt Ryou is
enough of a goody-goody
to be Mister Perfect for
a bunch of total randos.
Yeah, you're right.
Ryou, your sexiness terrifies!
Watch the game, ladies, this is
gym class, not giggle time!
'Kay.
[STUDENT A]
Over here! Cover!
You'd rather stare at Sakurazaka
than talk to your bro?
Earth to Jiro.
Chill out.
[STUDENTS cheering]
[STUDENT B grunts]
[STUDENTS gasp]
[KAMO]
Dayum! So cool!
[JIRO grumbles]
A dude like that guy
has gotta be
different from us on
a biological level.
You heard the rumor about
Sakurazaka, didn't you? Woof.
[JIRO]
Hm? What rumor?
Just spill! What's this
gossip about Minami?
So, like, my sources
aren't uber verified.
But word is that Tenjin's
not gonna swap partners.
I heard that, too.
But I figured it was bogus
cause pretty much
everyone who hits
A-rank switches.
It high-key makes sense to
because you get to combine
all your points from
your previous pairings.
Like, they make us do the
practical so we can have
the best future possible, right?
By switching, we learn
what type of guys
we want that future with.
Yeah, but... We're in
a marriage simulation.
In real marriage,
you shouldn't drop
and pick up spouses
over and over.
Girl, I hate to break it to you,
but I don't think
it's that deep.
Not to freak you, but
it's gonna be totes fine
if it happens, 'kay?
If those two, you know...
[AKARI]
Everything's chill.
We're still only
in the first month.
[BOTH gasp, laugh]
[SACHI] Screw Tenjin,
marry me, you cutie!
[NATSUMI] Nuh-uh! I'm not
playing wedding planner!
Throuple or nothing, snitches!
[AKARI] C'mon, guys!
Give it a rest, will you?!
[TEACHER A] The one who needs
to give it a rest is you!
[KAMO] Naughty, naughty Natsumi
speaks of throuple?
What a glorious gym class. Hm?
Hey, why so sad? There's a
pretty obvious upside, bro.
Being the wife of cool
guy McGee over there
is leagues better than being
with your nerdy self!
Major win for Sakurazaka!
Who the hell's side are you
supposed to be on again?
C'mon, my man,
I thought I made that clear.
The lady's of course! For I
am an ally of womankind.
[MINAMI gasps]
[JIRO gasps]
[MONSTERS chirp]
[MINAMI grunts]
[yelling]
[evil laughter]
[MINAMI yelling]
[JIRO gasps]
[JIRO yelps]
[CIVILIAN A]
Hooray for the hero! Hooray!
[CIVILIAN B]
Our champion!
[CIVILIAN C]
A man among men!
[AKARI laughs]
[JIRO]
Life is so unfair.
Princess Kamo is here
to play and here to slay,
wouldn't ya say?
Can you believe we
got a point for that?
[STUDENT B]
No, dude. That was wild!
[SHIORI]
Hey, Jiro!
Oh, hey, there.
Isn't it toasty today?
Yeah.
So, uh... You seem
a little blue.
Something to do
with the practical?
Oh, uh...
Ah, you and Watanabe got
into another argument, huh?
Not this time.
[SHIORI]
Really? Well, that's good.
She's intimidating,
but a good girl.
Don't cause too much
trouble for her, silly.
[JIRO]
If only she knew.
What would happen if I told her
the real reason I'm stressed?
How would she react?
I appreciate it! Minami's
the one who requested them!
Is something wrong?
I need to know.
About you and Tenjin.
Do you think you'll
stay together for good?
[gasps]
[AKARI] Ugh. Miscarriage
of Justice much?
We were all talking, why
did only I get in trouble?
This dust is barf worthy.
[MINAMI]
Watanabe?
[AKARI gasps]
Minami? Uh, hey!
That was close. Jeez.
Sorry, didn't mean to
sneak up on you like that.
No! Don't apologize,
you saved me!
Uh, thank you for that.
[MINAMI]
Of Course.
So, do you just like to hang
in the supply closet or?
[MINAMI] Coach asked me
to put the balls away.
Aw. He must trust you.
[AKARI] What do I do?
My heart's pounding like crazy!
He's gonna hear it.
[MINAMI]
Sorry about the box thing.
You're not hurt, are you?
[AKARI]
Nope.
[AKARI] What a relief.
After all that's happened,
Minami still makes
my heart race.
[AKARI]
Wait. A relief? But why?
We should finish up. Yeah?
[NATSUMI] Not to freak you,
but it's gonna be totes fine
if it happens, 'kay?
If those two, you know...
Mina-- Minami!
Are you, like, uh...
Like thinking or wanting...
...to stay with Sakurazaka
for good or something?
[MINAMI]
Yeah, maybe.
If she's cool with it,
I don't see why not.
Things are good.
We've been getting along
pretty well lately.
[AKARI]
Look at that.
I guess I am in love
with him after all.
[MINAMI]
Watanabe?
[AKARI] Gosh, I'm sorry!
It's like crazy dusty in here.
I must've managed to get
some of it in my eye.
What are you doing?
[MINAMI]
Don't worry.
Hold still and look right at me.
[KAMO]
Jiro? Broski?
What a tool bag.
He was supposed to help me
close all the windows.
[KAMO]
Aha! Jiro--
Brooooo.
[SHIORI]
Hmm. I guess I don't know.
Huh?
Switching partners isn't
something I can decide
to do on my own.
[JIRO] Yeah! Of course!
That makes perfect sense.
Sorry for the stupid question,
and I mean,
Tenjin's the best,
why would you?
Maybe, if things were different,
and we were both
in A-rank at the
same time, we could...
Oops! We need to change
before our next class starts.
I'm gonna skedaddle.
Shiori! I'll...
I'll make it to A-rank!
Just wait! And then...
If you're in A-rank, too...
Well. Shiori, will... Will you--
[KAMO]
Brooooooooooooooooooo!
This is freakin' huge!
As huge as buying a
mega-pack of trading cards
and exclusively
pulling secret rares!
Pay attention! Ahh!
If you don't get the hell out
of here in the next 30 seconds,
the hugest thing on campus
is gonna be the crowd
at your funeral.
[KAMO]
Bros don't threaten bros!
Everything okay?
[KAMO]
Kamo, kamo.
Sorry about that.
It wasn't anything important.
Cool.
[KAMO] Wait, were you guys in
the middle of something, too?
[JIRO]
Yes, we were.
And what the hell do
you mean by "too"?
Get this, bro, I just saw Tenjin
and Akari sharing a--
[MINAMI]
Sharing a what now?
What're you guys talking about?
[KAMO]
Oh, nothing at all.
[JIRO]
Wait. Something's wrong.
What happened to cause
all this tension?
Huh? What terrain
faces me today?
Duelist Kamo has been
caught by a trap card!
The only option is for me
to summon a monster!
Quick Joke the Forbidden One!
Hold on, there are
females around.
If my joke card fails,
I'll ruin my reputation
as the charming, funny guy.
Next time: "I Die Inside!"
Kamo Sadaharu, standing by!
Four eps deep and I think
that's the first time
I've heard my full name
in this anime.
Kamo Sadaharu.
I've been lookin' for you.
[KAMO grunting]
Wait. I'm sorry you're
not Kamo, then? My bad.
No, no! I am the Kamo you seek.
Great. Just one second.
Coach wanted me to
give you the closet key,
he says you're on PE committee.
Oh, okay, that makes sense.
She's all yours. Bye, Kamo.
[KAMO]
My heart.
[MINAMI]
Oh yeah, Shiori.
Did you turn in the form that
says we'll keep being partners?
Oops, I forgot, I'm sorry.
[MINAMI]
That's okay, I forgot, too.
[SHIORI] Maybe we can
go together at lunch.
It's due today, isn't it?
[MINAMI] Yeah, I think I
remember hearing that.
Bye, Jiro. We're going to
head on over to class.
Oh, bye.
[MINAMI]
I have work after school today.
[SHIORI] Gotcha. So you
won't need dinner, right?
I mean, I could always drop
something off if you get hungry.
Adieu! It's time for Mama Kamo
to take care of baby closet key.
[KAMO] Eh... What kind of
expression is that? Freaky.
Whatever it is,
may the force be
with you, brother.
So, uh, Watanabe?
We should get going.
We're gonna be late.
[JIRO]
Right.
[SACHI]
Yo, have you seen Akari?
[NATSUMI]
She totally dipped out.
She says if anybody asks,
say she has a cold.
[SACHI]
Hooker playin' hooky!
So she just left?
[KAMO] Wander, wander.
Wander, wander, wander.
Wander, wander, wander,
wander, wander.
Uh?!
[KAMO]
Yoohoo...
What do you want from me?
Well, I just think it's curious
that Tenjin stuck around.
Jeez, if I hear one more person
talk about "Tenjin" I'm gonna
"Ten-jam" a pencil
through my freakin' skull!
Bro. You don't
understand what I saw.
Never mind, I shouldn't gossip
since he was nice enough
to know my name.
Plus he smelled like
my hopes and dreams.
I smell great and
know your name, too!
Kamo, Kamo, Kamo,
Kamo, Kamo, Kamo--
I have a hankering for fish,
perhaps, Kisu?
[JIRO]
Huh?
[sighs]
[KAMO clears throat]
Bro. I saw the smoochy smooch.
Wait. You smooched?
Please! I can't even
kiss my family's cat
without being mauled.
So... Who kissed?
[KAMO]
Tenjin and Akari!
[gasps]
[KAMO] I saw the deed!
But I missed the buildup
and couldn't get a read
on their romance.
Akari seemed embarrassed after.
No way I was hallucinating.
Smooch city.
[JIRO]
So what?
[KAMO]
Hm-- Huh?
[JIRO]
If that's true, so what?
C'mon, that's
your wife, so...
Nah, I'm with you.
This isn't your problem,
so why would you care, right?
[JIRO] I get it. That's what
you've wanted this whole time.
Congrats. I'm real happy
for you, Watanabe.
[JIRO] Whatever, I'm not
Team Lancia anyway.
[HOST A] Today, we're going
to take a deep dive...
[JIRO]
I'm back.
You've got a cold, huh?
[HOST A]
It's great for toning the skin.
As someone who likes to keep
her hair on the darker side,
its lavender
undertones really work
to make my face glow
and hair pop.
Just wait! Our next
product is to die for.
[JIRO]
Think you have a fever?
[JIRO growls]
[HOST A] I recommend number
seven for anyone who has
blue tones in their
skin like mwah!
[gasps]
I'm so sorry that I
can't be Tenjin for you.
[AKARI grunts]
[grunting]
Why would you bring up Minami
out of nowhere like that? Speak.
--Oh, uh... No idea.
--What?
Trust me, it's no---
Tell me.
Uh...
You and Tenjin. I hear you had
a big moment after class.
Congrats. I'm really
happy for you.
Why are being weird about it?
Like yeah, I talked to him.
That made me happy,
too, I guess.
[JIRO] You kiss everyone
who makes you happy?
[gasps] What's your deal?
[JIRO] Embrace it.
Making out in a supply closet
like that is the stuff
of dreams.
[gasps]
[JIRO] If you and Tenjin are
gonna end up together,
then I'm gonna cheer you on.
This is cause for celebration.
Wait, are you--
[JIRO]
Yeah. I'm serious.
Let's do something to celebrate.
[AKARI laughing]
You dork!
You're literally killing me!
--[AKARI laughing]
--Uh-- Wha--?
[AKARI] Dude, whoever your
spy was must've seen him
checking for dust in my eye!
This is straight
romcom manga shiz!
[JIRO]
I will send him to his grave!
[AKARI]
Like, are you stupid?
People don't go around
kissing people out of the blue.
If I'm acting weird,
it's cause I found out he's
not switching partners.
Why would you believe that?
Out of braincells?
Dude! C'mon!
You try so hard, I thought
maybe it finally worked!
[AKARI]
I freakin' wish.
I'm trying hard because
I can barely get him
to acknowledge my existence.
Okay, sure, I understand that,
but a little action
seemed reasonable,
especially at the rate
you're going.
[AKARI]
Dumb-dumb of the decade.
This is, like... hilarious.
[JIRO gasps]
[JIRO]
Watanabe?
[gasps]
[AKARI]
Hey! What are you looking at?
Just let go of me!
Dude, stop! Don't look at me!
I'm for real, so back off!
Huh... [grunts]
[AKARI gasps]
Okay, I'm not gonna look at you!
Trust me, I can't see anything!
[AKARI sobs]
[JIRO sighs] What else can
you do in a moment like that?
Something less awkward, maybe?
Well, excuse me for not being
the type of guy who hangs out
with a bunch of crying
women all the time!
Last time I effed up like that,
she ended up being asleep.
Now I was lovey dovey
when she was lucid!
Nobody wants to be held
by a guy they're not into!
She's washing off my creepiness!
[AKARI] I'm done with
the bathroom, B-T-dubs.
My stuff isn't dry,
so I borrowed this.
Huh? What'd you borrow?
[AKARI]
Your shirt, no doy.
[JIRO gasps]
Save me!
Didn't know I was into that,
but here we are!
[JIRO] The siren sings
her snuggly song!
What's she doing to that thing?
This should be against the law!
I can almost feel her
body on top of mine.
Little Jiro's gonna
lose his head!
Hey, uh, I'm happy
you're comfortable,
but this is kind of a lot.
I'm not sure where
to look, so, uh...
What's the big deal, virg,
your heart racing?
No! You wear crap
like this all the time.
Modesty isn't your forte--
You liar.
Your heart is totally racing,
nearly pounding
out of your chest.
[JIRO]
Uhh...
You good?
[JIRO yelling]
Begone foul spirits, leave me
and my little man alone.
[laughs] You weirdo.
I'm trying my best here.
You know, it would help if
you only dressed like that
in front of your beloved Tenjin.
Whoa, is that some
jealously I hear?
Aw, that's actually
kinda adorable.
Lay off, and if you keep
wearing tiny clothes,
you really will catch a cold.
[AKARI]
So, you were for real?
You really thought I kissed him
in the freakin' supply closet?
Just cause I dress like this
doesn't mean I'm easy, dummy.
I know. Sorry, I shouldn't've
assumed it was true.
[AKARI]
You must think I go around
mackin' on all types of dudes.
Get a grip, don't put
words in my--
[AKARI]
Mwah.
I only kiss you.
For the sake of
marital transparency,
that was actually
my first kiss ever.
[JIRO gaps]
FYI that was not cool!
You can't just surprise somebody
with a full-mouth kiss.
It literally screams
"Yo, I'm a virgin!"
A horndog virgin, no less, dude!
It was like, way too much,
way too fast!
What a crappy first kiss!
And I'm never gonna
get a do-over
on that one, chief,
so thanks a lot!
Hey, are you even
listening to me?
The least you could do is
act like freakin' human being!
[JIRO]
Don't get the wrong idea, me!
She just ended up
paired with me,
and it just happened
to be her first.
And it's totally
possible that it
could have been some other guy.
I bet she's never confessed
that to anyone else.
I said, don't get
the wrong idea here!
This is just a practical.
That's all it is!
Uh-oh, I feel crazy happy.
[KAMO] You thought it was over?
Psych, boi!
The battle rages on and Duelist
Kamo is only in his draw phase!
Spell, activate! Intervention!
Please guys! Don't fight because
of adorable, little Kamo!
Yeesh, good thing
I didn't play that,
I would've looked like a weenie!
Next time,
"More Than a Nosebleed,
but Less Than a Kiss." Spicy!